GC-10760 cache all the things (#9)
oicr-gsi/crosscheckFingerprints: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 3.0.0 - 2025-06-16
- A previously cached result is an optional parameter. If supplied, only new comparisons will be calculated.

> - Expose `calculateTumorAwareResults` option (default false). Don't use this metric and reduces run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose `calculateTumorAwareResults` option (default false). We don't use this metric and its use lengthens run time.
```
